# motive
 In submitting my final project motive, I have been able to successfully create an app that automatically places a marker on a google map showing where each student lives. All this data is stored in an online database called firestore, this means once a user logs in all of the map markers are still there. As well as this, the information they entered when registering creates each users profile page and their map marker information. 

When registering, validation has been added to ensure the user is a first-year university of leeds student by checking that the email they entered matches this specification, as well as ensuring the postcode they enter is based in leeds. Also with the registration page, auto fill drop-down menus have been implemented along with custom icons to make the experience more user friendly and enjoyable. 

Furthermore, the app enables the functionality for users to upload a profile image to their profile if along with editing their profile information. A main part of the app is the ability for users to click on each google map marker which brings up a pop-up window showing that specific students information. Users can then press ‘view profile’ which takes that user to view that individual specific students profile. Because of this, users can easily determine if those around them have similar interests to them and then they can message them in the app through using Instagram’s messaging service to arrange to meet up and make friends with them.

Also, the events page shows upcoming university events held by leeds that users can attend to increase their chances of making friends in freshers week and first year. The wellbeing page holds information to support first year students by giving advice on how to make the most of motive in freshers week, along with important contact information if users are finding freshers week/first year hard and could use some support.

Moreover, the app also allows users to change their password, delete their account and report users which is needed functionality for the privacy and safety of the users. More importantly, functionality has been added so that once a user registers a verification email is sent to their email address. Users therfore must verify their account within one day otherwise they risk getting removed from the service.

Overall, the app has a really good user experience and I believe students would really benefit socially and mentally by using the app and making friends with people who live near them. Students would really enjoy arriving at university and finding out that someone with similar interests to them isn’t living very far away from them.
